<h1>Task 1 README</h1>

<h2>Installing packages</h2>
<ol>
<li>Create a folder named <code>task_1</code>, <code>cd</code> into it, and create a <code>package.json</code> using <code>npm init -y</code>.</li>
<li>Install webpack (dev dependency), jQuery (dependency), and Lodash (dependency) within the folder using npm.</li>
<pre><code>npm install --save jquery lodash
npm install --save-dev webpack webpack-cli
</code></pre>
<li>Modify your <code>package.json</code> to add a build script that runs webpack to create a production build. This lets you execute <code>npm run build</code> on the command line.</li>
 <pre><code>"scripts": {
    "build": "webpack --mode production"
}
</code></pre>
</ol>

<h2>Using jQuery</h2>
<ol>
<li>Create a <code>js</code> directory with a javascript file named <code>dashboard_main.js</code> in it.</li>
<li>The file should import jquery and add the below elements in the following order:
<ul>
<li>Paragraph element: Holberton Dashboard</li>
<li>Paragraph element: Dashboard data for the students</li>
<li>Button element with the text Click here to get started</li>
<li>Add a paragraph element as so <code>&lt;p id='count'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;</code></li>
<li>Add another paragraph: Copyright - Holberton School</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>

<h2>Prevent spammers</h2>
<ol>
<li>Write a function called <code>updateCounter()</code> that tracks the number of times the button element has been clicked.</li>
<li>Each time it’s called, update the count by 1 and set the content of the paragraph element with <code>id='count'</code> to <code>{count} clicks on the button</code>.</li>
<li>Bind the debounce function in Lodash to the click event on the button you created previously.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Requirements</h2>
<ul>
<li>When running Webpack, your javascript should be generated in a <code>public</code> folder. You should also place your <code>index.html</code> in this folder.</li>
<li>The javascript file generated by Webpack should be named <code>bundle.js</code>.</li>
<li>Set Webpack config mode to production.</li>
<li>Opening your html file should not generate any error in the console.</li>
<li>Your html code should only import one Javascript script (the one generated by webpack).</li>
</ul>

<h2>Resources</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#debounce">Debounce documentation on Lodash</a></li>
</ul>
